4. Read about how to reap threads in Section 3 and answer the following questions. (a) Consider a scenario where thread A calls pthread_join to reap thread B. If the thread B does not terminate, when will the call to pthread_join in thread A return? (b) Let’s say your implementation for HW 6 can serve all passengers but an elevator thread does not terminate, will the simulation ignore this thread and still end as expected?your answers here
2a. Every process that includes the function Pthread_create creates a single thread, however each process always
consist of a main thread as well.

2b. the parameter/argument that creates a thread routine is func* f

2c. In HW6 it will create the same number of threads of the sum of the total
passengers and elevators. the names of the threads are start_passenger
and start_elevator.

3. done

4a. thread A will remain blocked until thread B will terminate, since
thread A calls  
4b. No the the simulation will not work properly and will not ignore the
thread elevator that is not terminating.

5. done

6. done

7a. by the main thread, it will create two threads, one even thread and
one odd thread.
7b. Thread even and thread odd are the only one running concurrently since
the main thread is getting blocked by until the two threads finish.

8. No, it will not consistently print messages zero to three.

9a. the four main events for the profram in lab09_2.c are based on the 
incrmentation of value counter from 0 to 3.

9b. The main reason why it will not consistently run and count to three is
that the kernal and CPU affects the scheduling of which thread will 
finish first.

10a. Counter is the global variable that represents the shared memory
between the two threads.

10b.it is considered unlocked when it is first initialized.

10c.when pthread_mutex_lock is called by thread A but thread B is using it.
the function will block thread B from using it until the calling thread can 
get ownership.

11a. the predicate is counter != 1

11b. it will regain ownership of mutex while the pthread_cond_wait 
then once it returns it no longer has ownership of mutex lock.

11c. for thread A to immediately block on condition variable again when it
is scheduled to run the condition counter !=1 has to be true again

12. 
